Added new sub-category Social Sciences, ReCast, Kapitano, Typewriter, WebkitWord, WineZGUI, Winecharm, Stevia, Tasks, Mirrorhall (#330)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Abiword](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/AbiWord) - Word processor with features and a feel similar to older, more classic versions of Microsoft's Word `#c++` `#gtk3`.
- [Eloquent](https://flathub.org/apps/re.sonny.Eloquent) - Proofreading software for 20+ languages, powered by LanguageTool standalone server `#gjs` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Typewriter](https://flathub.org/apps/app.drey.Typewriter) - Document editor based on Typst, a markup-based typesetting system that is designed to be as powerful as LaTeX while easy to learn and use `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Typewriter is already in the [Typst](https://github.com/valpackett/awesome-gtk#typst) section.

> - [WebkitWord](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.fastrizwaan.WebkitWord) - Rich text editor with powerful word processing capabilities in a clean, intuitive interface `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WebkitWord](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.fastrizwaan.WebkitWord) - Rich text editor with powerful word processing capabilities in a clutter-free modern interface `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Elastic](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/elastic) - Design of spring animations `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Electra](https://github.com/art-den/electra_stacking) - Software for stacking of deep sky astronomical images `#rust` `#gtk3`.

### Social Sciences

> - [ReCast](https://github.com/hardcoeur/recast) - Application for audio and video transcription on the GNOME desktop utilizing (faster-)whisper `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: I don't think this belongs in the "Social Sciences" category.

Author: Transcription is typically used for transcribing qualitative interviews or focus group discussions (audio or video) in social science research. However, if I look at the examples on the Recast page, I see poem and video transcriptions, so probably the software is intended more for general purpose use than for social sciences. Thus, I am fine with anything, keeping it here or moving it to another category.

Author: I contacted the ReCast developer and he suggested as category:  "i think the audio -> audio players -> transcription category works no?"

### Emulators and Compatibility Layers

> - [Bottles](https://usebottles.com) - GUI and environment manager to run Windows applications and games on Linux, built on top of Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bottles](https://usebottles.com) - GUI and environment manager to run Windows applications and games on Linux, built on top of Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Fuse](https://fuse-emulator.sourceforge.net) - ZX Spectrum emulator `#c` `#gtk3`.

> - [WineCharm](https://github.com/fastrizwaan/WineCharm) - User interface designed to simplify running and managing Windows applications on Linux using Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WineCharm](https://github.com/fastrizwaan/WineCharm) - GUI designed to simplify running and managing Windows applications on Linux using Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

> - [WineZGUI](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.fastrizwaan.WineZGUI) - User interface for playing windows games with Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WineZGUI](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.fastrizwaan.WineZGUI) - Zenity GUI for managing Wine prefixes and launching Windows binaries through Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
